mempool: migrate rechecktx to be a consensus parameter (#8514)
tendermint/tendermint: UPGRADING.md

009](https://tinyurl.com/rfc009) for a discussion of the complexities of
upgrading consensus parameters.

### RecheckTx Parameter Change

> `RecheckTx` was previously a parameter in the mempool section of the `config.toml`.
> Setting it to true means Tendermint will trigger the `CheckTx` ABCI call on
> every transaction remaining in the mempool following the execution of a block.
> Similar to the timeout parameter changes, this parameter makes more sense as a
> network-wide coordinated variable so that applications can be written knowing
> either all nodes run `RecheckTx` or that none of them do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RecheckTx` was previously enabled by the `recheck` parameter in the mempool
section of the `config.toml`.
Setting it to true made Tendermint invoke another `CheckTx` ABCI call on
each transaction remaining in the mempool following the execution of a block.
Similar to the timeout parameter changes, this parameter makes more sense as a
network-wide coordinated variable so that applications can be written knowing
either all nodes agree on whether to run `RecheckTx`.
```

To distinguish between "RecheckTx" as an operation and the `recheck` parameter.

Applications can turn on `RecheckTx` by altering the `ConsensusParams` in the

> `FinalizeBlock` `ABCI` response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FinalizeBlock` ABCI response.
```
